Updating Aditya's personal page (#77)
uw-echospace/group-website: content/authors/adkris/_index.md

- name: Applied Physics Lab

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)

> bio: I am interested in studying echolocation as a sensory tool.

Reviewer: "Sensor tool" is a little odd. What do you mean to say?

Author: I guess that part is also redundant but I wanted to explain that I am interested in studying how animals echolocate. How is that "tool" of echolocation being used by bats, for example, for their tasks

Reviewer: I think "sensing tool" is more broadly used to describe this.

Author: I like "sensing tool" thanks!

I am a student at the University of Washington majoring in Electrical Engineering and pursuing Digital Signal Processing and Neural Engineering concentrations. I am expected to graduate the Spring of 2024 and am interested in pursuing graduate research after my bachelor's degree.

> My core competency is in signal processing, with extensive background using Python. I enjoy interdisciplinary research and find that bats and whales are fascinating model systems to study due to their ability to echolocate. I am currently applying signal processing techniques in passive acoustic monitoring of bats with a goal toward understanding echolocation as a sensory tool.

Reviewer: small wording suggestion:
```suggestion
My core competency is in signal processing, with extensive experience programming in Python. I enjoy interdisciplinary research and find that bats and whales are fascinating model systems to study due to their ability to echolocate. I am currently applying signal processing techniques in passive acoustic monitoring of bats with a goal toward understanding echolocation as a sensory tool.
```
